IBX-2889: Cross content type recommendations (#141)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/site_organization/working_with_page.md

- In the **Select default scenario** section, select the default scenario for recommended items that should be rendered if the current user
is not assigned to any Segment.
- In the **Setup segment and scenario matching priority rules** drop-down, select a Segment group, a Segment identifier and Scenario that you want to display recommendations from.

> - **Display limit** – Set the number of products to be displayed, for example, 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the **Display limit** field, set the number of recommended items to be displayed, for example, 4.
```
